MLX model support (#300)
huggingface/smolagents: docs/source/en/guided_tour.md

    - [`HfApiModel`] leverages a `huggingface_hub.InferenceClient` under the hood and supports all Inference Providers on the Hub.
    - [`LiteLLMModel`] similarly lets you call 100+ different models and providers through [LiteLLM](https://docs.litellm.ai/)!
    - [`AzureOpenAIServerModel`] allows you to use OpenAI models deployed in [Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/ai-services/openai-service).

>     - [`MLXModel`] takes a pre-initialized `mlx-lm` pipeline to run inference on your local machine using [mlx-lm](https://pypi.org/project/mlx-lm/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [`MLXModel`] creates a [mlx-lm](https://pypi.org/project/mlx-lm/) pipeline to run inference on your local machine.
```
